Update extension based SP with content from main (#289) (#290)
canonical/sphinx-docs-starter-pack: sp-docs/docs/build.rst

   If you save other files later, you might miss these messages.

   Therefore, you should always :ref:`build-clean` before finalising your changes.

Build a PDF
-----------

Build a PDF locally with the following command:

.. code-block:: none

    make pdf

> PDF generation requires some system files. If these files are not found, a prompt will be presented and the generation will stop.

Author: ```suggestion
PDF generation requires specific software packages. If these files are not found, a prompt will be presented and the generation will stop.

Required software packages include:

* dvipng
* fonts-freefont-otf
* latexmk
* plantuml
* tex-gyre
* texlive-font-utils
* texlive-fonts-recommended
* texlive-lang-cjk
* texlive-latex-extra
* texlive-latex-recommended
* texlive-xetex
* xindy
```
